# cmpsci-4200-project1-part-1
dataframe used: https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/samuelcortinhas/credit-card-classification-clean-data

When looking at this dataset for potential relationships, a few seemed reasonable. The first being male vs female incomes and their risks, which showed men made more then women and also were higher risk then women. The second was in family status vs income, which showed that surprisingly, those not in a relationship or marriage were on average making more than those who were married, and those who were widows were making far less. When including whether or not they were risky, widows turned out to be on average far less risky on average then their counterparts, followed by those where were in a marriage, then by people in marriages, then single people.  Next education vs income was looked at, which showed a clear average trend of the higher education you had, the more money you made, and when looking at risk,  academics on average were of far higher risk than their counterparts. The last trend i tried to look at was if there was any connection to account length and income of an individual. When directly graphing them, no. When i tried tying it to target, i saw that the average income most times for risky people was far higher or lower on average than their nonrisky counterparts. With this in mind, the plan for this dataset is to see that if we can look at a combination of these trends combined and some of the others looked at to see if we can predict if someone is risky or not.
